In this lecture, I introduce you to Fred Local and I explain how we can use Fred Local to resolve our
common issues.
So what is Fred Local?
The Java Fred local class enables you to create variables that can only be read and written by the same
friend.
A Fred is a unit of execution.
And so multiple threads can execute the same code at the same time.
So if two friends, for example, tests are executed in the same code and the code has a reference to
the same Fred local variable, the two friends cannot see each other's variables.
This can resolve the static web drive issue where resources are currently being shared, which is confusing
our tests.
So how does Fred local work?
So if we look on the left hand side, we have Fred one.
And in this example, Fred, one is responsible for running the or the complete test.
Fred, one will have a set of variables that can only be accessible by Fred, one such as its own web
driver variable.
Fred, too is responsible for running the ad remove item basket test.
So Fred Tube will have a set of variables they can only be accessible by Fred to it will not be able
to see the Fred one variables.
These friends can then create their own version of the web.
Driver.
Driver variable.
And because each Fred is responsible for managing its own variables, it means our test should no longer
become confused.
So on this slide I provide the most common thread local methods.
So we have.
Get set.
Remove an initial value.
The Get method simply returns the value of the FRED local variable that we're retrieving.
The set method allows us to set a value of a specified variable.
The Remove method removes the current Fred's value for this particular Fred local variable, and the
initial value simply returns the current Fred's initial value for this Fred local variable.
So that can seem quite confusing, but the most common methods that will be using is get and set.
So when we use the Get Fred local method, we simply after the value of a variable that belongs to a
particular Fred.
And when we use a set method, we simply want to set a variable value for the particular Fred that's
in scope.
So now that we have a brief understanding of Fred Local, I'll explain the changes we need to make in
the following lectures.
Thank you for watching.